- Oh. wait. wait. Zoe.
- What happened?
- She's been poisoned.
- What?
I have to assume I'm hot.
There's an antidote. but they've got it.
My only chance
is to let 'em take me.
The deal is off.
Someone has moved against me.
I have not the time to determine
whether you are part of it.
so I will assume it
and proceed accordingly.
Zoe.
Harold Harper sent me.
Make sure you were okay.
Are you coming?
Hello. Marion.
I know about the cartel.
I know about the Meshbahar deposit.
Faraz Hamzad would
not entertain any of our offers.
To exploit the Meshbahar deposits
for years. decades.
and to keep it stable.
you need another kind of partner.
I was helping you rescue Parwana Hamzad
because I wanted you to introduce me
to Parwana Hamzad.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Dad?
Yeah?
Can you take me off speaker?
Yeah. I'm-I'm here.
I need you to do something for me.
What is it?
I need you to accept this.
Why this is happening.
Why it happened.
I found something here.
This family is important to me.
That much is true.
And this is not a rejection
of you or of Mom.
That much is also true.
Promise me that you're gonna
find a way to accept this.
I need to know
that you're not gonna spend
the rest of your life resenting this.
Resenting me for this
or resenting this family for this.
I am asking you to accept...
...that this is something that I wanted.
Can you do that for me?
Can you do that for me. please?
Shit. Shit. No. wait!
...Hamzad.
...Hamzad... Hamzad.
I'm the only Hamzad.
Hamzad.
I'm the only Hamzad!
Hamzad?
I'm the only Hamzad.
...Hamzad...
Faraz Hamzad is dead.
I am his daughter.
Who are they?
No one who matters to you.
He had a sister.
But you just killed her.
So I am the only one left
who knew his business.
Leave them alone. and I will help you.
Help me? How?
I will tell you everything you
want to know about this place.
How it works.
Where things are hidden.
The things you will need to know
that will take you forever to find out.
I will tell you.
I have orders to separate the family.
To eliminate them.
No one will know you're here.
If you lie. no one will see you again.
Write what you know.
How can I be sure the others are safe?
Da.
The Russians.
They lost the mine.
Yes.
- To who?
- It's unclear.
Well. maybe. but that's not
what they just said to you.
Not all of it.
Who took the mine?
A particularly determined group
of local fighters
seems to have eliminated
the Russians at the site.
Yeah. and?
There are rumors
that they were led by a woman.
An American woman.
Angela.
Angela's alive.
Yes. but maybe not for long.
Pavlovich is summoning reserves
from as far as Central Africa.
Every man in his army
is to take the area back.
Well. y-you can stop that happening.
And why would I want to do that?
Because you know it was a mistake
to involve him in the first place.
You know that Angela would be
a better partner for you
in the long run.
You told me that she would never
side with me.
You told me that you would
never even permit me to try.
Her life is at stake.
I think Johnny's life might be at stake.
There might not be any limit
to what I would do now.
You know. you really have
got sharper. Harold.
I'm sure that isn't true.
but just for a moment.
I actually found myself believing you.
Help me end this.
We can fight about what happens
after that... after that.
End it how?
Do you think he's dead?
- It's impossible to know.
- I know.
I'm asking if you think he's dead.
What difference does it make
what I think if I don't know?
Because...
one way. you might help me
find him and save him.
and the other way.
you just pretend to help me
for as long as you need me
to help you kill Pavlovich.
I gave you my word.
I may be new at this.
but I know enough to know
what that's worth.
The old man did that thing
with you. didn't he?
What thing?
His bullshit about
"the knife in one hand
is like your empathy. and in the other."
eh. s-something or the other.
- Ruthlessness.
- Yes. that.
- You're saying it isn't true?
- For him?
Too true.
I knew I couldn't trust a word
that came out of his mouth.
or maybe it took a lot of practice
to know which words to trust.
Either way. that's the role
the game asked him to play.
Fucking serpent.
And there was no one better.
But the old man knew any word
that came out of my mouth
was written in stone.
That's my role in the game.
Help me get to Pavlovich.
I'll help you find Dan Chase.
Yeah.
Copy that.
We're ten minutes out.
Whatever you're gonna do. do it quickly.
He's closing in on the target.
What do you want to do?
I'm not asking you to do anything
you don't want done already.
Even if Pavlovich can
get himself out of this mess.
how long before the next mess ends up
being something impossible
for you to clean up?
Impossible to unwind?
"Impossible."
For a man like you. that word
should be so hard to find.
And yet it's always been
so available to you.
To cultivate Angela Adams is impossible.
To do clandestine work and raise
a family is impossible.
I'm impossible to understand.
to please. to trust.
But what an ambitious
young thing she is.
How could I ever?
Your default to absolutes
was always the part of you
I found hardest to understand.
Your aversion to them was mine.
Some things should be absolute.
What things?
The things we owe people we love.
they should be constant.
they should be inviolable.
And the sacrifices that you
would make for Angela's sake.
those are inviolable to you. too?
Yes.
No matter what it's about to cost you?
You could've been a great man. Harold...
...were you not so frightened
of disappointing anyone.
Fuck you.
We're moving.
I'll have instructions for you shortly
how to approach the target.
Conference guest.
_
Are you on-site?
We're here.
There's a lot of guys with guns here.
This goes bad. it's gonna go real bad
real fast.
Stand by.
Something's happening here.
What happened?
The security detail
of the Chinese delegation
has asked all the other
delegates to ask their details
to pretend that you don't exist
for the next 15 minutes.
Pavlovich is in Cabana 14
with his detail.
That's seven men.
They're unaware of your arrival.
Do it and get out.
Copy that. Stand by.
What can I do?
Nothing.
I'll locate the target
- and I'll give you the heads up.
- What can I do?
Nothing.
I'll keep one alive.
I'll do what I can to get
Chase's location from him.
but there isn't much time
to get him that antidote.
Then hurry.
They're leaving me alone.
For now. at least.
I'm moving towards the cabana.
You there?
- Yeah.
- I just saw two men.
I think they're heading toward you.
Copy.
Who the fuck are you?
Do you know who I am?
You're the guy who killed the old man.
And I'm the guy who got you.
I got one of 'em here.
I'm gonna do the best I can
to get the location from him.
We don't need him.
I found it.
It's done.
My colleagues will sort out the story.
Oh. You're ahead of me.
It died.
Harold.
I'm glad you came.
It was good to see you again.
You said it yourself.
You would never have let me
anywhere near Angela.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'll bet.
Oh. no.
Ah. shit.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Okay.
I found him.
- Is he alive?
- I don't know.
You know how to check his pulse?
Beside the windpipe.
Uh. hold on.
I can't tell. M-Maybe?
- Did you give him the antidote?
- No. On it.
- Give him all three doses.
- Yeah.
And the yellow one.
Okay. Oh. fuck.
Okay. here we go.
Okay.
Did that do anything?
No.
You said you know CPR. Do it.
All right. here we go.
Here we go. I got this.
You're awake.
Hey.
- Where is this?
- It's-it's a safe house.
It belonged to Morgan.
Nobody had used it for a long time.
- Look. nobody knows we're here.
- How did you...
I had a little help getting you here.
- Harold?
- Uh. no. no.
Um. Julian. Morgan's partner.
But it's just been us for a while now.
You've been in and out
the last few days.
We've been sitting still too long.
No. no. No. no. we're safe here.
- We're safe here.
- No. after what we did.
- people are gonna come for us.
- We're safe.
We're safe.
No one knows we're here.
We got away.
No one? No one knows?
Well. Julian knows.
but Morgan trusted him.
- Harold?
- No.
No. we didn't feel like it was
safe enough to reach out to him.
Maybe. maybe one day. Here. drink.
There's one more. isn't there?
Yeah. there's one more.
He's my kid.
And no one can trace him to me.
Anyone who'd want to find us
doesn't even know Zoe McDonald exists.
I was careful.
Before Julian left. I made sure
I knew how to make sure.
- This place is an island.
- Oh. okay.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
We are safe.
We can stay here as long
as we need. as long as we want.
You want to stay here
with me for a while?
When I was a little girl.
I was afraid of the dark
and all the things I couldn't see.
The hopeful things that were
promised on faith alone...
...and stories.
I never trusted them.
I couldn't imagine
how anyone ever could.
Because in that darkness ahead...
...what else was lurking?
I've always been certain
there was always something else
out in the dark.
But this... this...
...feels different.
With your dad. I always felt
like I-I needed to...
defend myself
from-from whatever
was going to reveal itself
out of the unknown.
whatever might be hiding
around every corner.
And you don't feel that now?
No.
No. I don't.
You sound happy. Mom.
You deserve that.
Maybe I'll get to meet him sometime.
Have you seen my glasses?
- What?
- My glasses.
Feel like I just had 'em.
I keep losing things.
It's like
there are goblins in this house.
Unlikely. Hey.
That's it.
You're losing your edge.
Don't joke.
Is something concerning you?
No.
I think that might be the problem.
There's so many things
to be concerned about.
We left the world full
of questions without answers.
There's been nothing in the news
about the cartel
because. wh-what. it-it fell apart?
Because we were misled
about how close it was?
Because we're still the only
people who know about it?
Did the spook that you met
at the British police station.
did he tell any of his friends?
Could anything stop them
from finding us if he did?
There's a German word that escapes me
for an idea that pretends
not to be seen
because once it's acknowledged.
nobody can pretend it isn't true.
Wish I could remember.
If these are things
to be concerned about.
why do you think
you've been ignoring them?
Because I don't want this to change.
I don't want this to end.
Hey. Jan. order up.
Thanks.
Doing okay. Joe?
This is Zoe.
Zoe. this is my daughter Emily.
It's so nice to finally meet you.
Nice to meet you. too.
Wasn't easy finding you.
I'm so sorry. we thought...
It's okay. it's okay.
I'm just really glad you're here.
I'm really glad that you're okay.
Are you okay?
I'm here.
I'm in one piece.
I'll tell you all about it. okay?
I really will.
I want you to know.
But not now.
Now time is short. and I need your help.
You two have been
pretty isolated here. so...
you don't know about what
happened to Harold. do you?
What happened?
He's gone.
Gone?
He went to see his ex-wife.
to get her help.
to save you and I both.
She has him somewhere.
And she's trying to use him to bargain
for control of the Meshbahar deposit.
Bargain with who?
I thought it was taken from Pavlovich
by some. you know. yahoos in the valley.
In a manner of speaking.
Who controls the deposit now?
Me.
And what remains of the family.
I have been asked to speak for them.
I have been asked to help
decide what to do.
Marion is using Harold to fuck with me.
And I don't want to be fucked with.
Not now and not about this.
So I'm going to get him back.
And I need you in order to do it.
Yeah. Yes.
- You're gonna get me what I need.
- Yes.
No matter what I ask.
Mm-hmm. yes. of course.
I need access to Lou Barlow.
I need you to help me
get inside Marion's armor.
Lou Barlow had
the connections to do that.
It's the only way to do it.
Harold's life is hanging in the balance.
I know that you may not want
to open that door again.
but I need you to.
Who is Lou Barlow?
Dad. please.
Will you help me?
Well.
of course I'm gonna help you.
There are better ways to do this.
I can show you. Em. I promise.
Who is Lou Barlow?
I was.
And what did you do?
You-you told me
about what you used to do.
You told me about the ugliest violence.
- What else could this be?
- Yeah...
No. I told you
some of the things I used to do.
Some things...
There are things that are
uglier than violence.
Em. we're gonna get him back.
I will stop at nothing to do it.
I will find a way.
I've already found a way. Dad.
There are better ways to get to Marion.
- This is the way to do it.
- Emily...
This is the best way to do it.
I've known Marion
since before you were born.
You're gonna have to trust me...
This is the way that I want to do it.
Harold Harper sacrificed himself
for you and for me.
All I'm asking of you is to do
what you taught me to do.
To do what we owe him.
To save his life.
And you want to debate about
whether or not it might be
- too unpleasant to try?
- No. no. we're not debating.
No. we aren't.
The only thing I can't figure out.
Are you saying no
because you don't want to do
what it would take
or because you don't want her
to see you do it?
- Hmm.
- Who is that?
They're here to get us. Zoe.
and take us to a plane
that I have waiting.
Get us?
Who is that. Emily?
I'm in control
of an irreplaceable thing.
There isn't a government
on Earth that doesn't need it.
that isn't terrified
of their enemies getting it.
So. when I ask
for a little help from the FBI
tapping Zoe's son's phone...
...or finding you here...
...or transporting you
out of the country...
Parwana Hamzad gets whatever she wants.
Yeah.
She does.
♪ ♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ ♪ That I keep hid ♪
♪ ♪ He's raised my face
like a pirate's flag ♪
♪ ♪ A phantom nation's tattered rag ♪
♪ ♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ ♪ That I keep hid ♪
♪ ♪ Somebody used my mouth ♪
♪ ♪ And laughed out loud ♪
♪ ♪ Spoke in ways
that were strange to you ♪
♪ ♪ Whispered things
even money won't do ♪
♪ ♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ ♪ That I keep hid. ♪